Configurable the daemon resource requirements (#1291)
kubernetes-sigs/security-profiles-operator: installation-usage.md

            type: unconfined_t
```

## Customise the daemon resource requirements

> The default resource requirements of the daemon container can be adjusted in the SPOD configuration in the
> `daemonResourceRequirements` filed as follows:

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
The default resource requirements of the daemon container can be adjusted by using the field `daemonResourceRequirements`
from the SPOD configuration as follows:
```
